Updated the async stack traces default info (#338)
v8/v8.dev: src/docs/stack-trace-api.md

## Async stack traces

> The `--async-stack-traces` flag (currently turned on by default) enables the new [zero-cost async stack traces](https://bit.ly/v8-zero-cost-async-stack-traces), which enriches the `stack` property of `Error` instances with async stack frames, i.e. `await` locations in the code. These async frames are marked with `async` in the `stack` string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--async-stack-traces` flag (turned on by default since [V8 v7.3](https://v8.dev/blog/v8-release-73#async-stack-traces)) enables the new [zero-cost async stack traces](https://bit.ly/v8-zero-cost-async-stack-traces), which enriches the `stack` property of `Error` instances with async stack frames, i.e. `await` locations in the code. These async frames are marked with `async` in the `stack` string:
```
